I've never been on a Keiko call before. Um, that's when they go to the
family, and they explain what happened. Um, I think they go in groups,
and, um from what I understand, they there are two sides to it.
There's the military side. And then there's the personal side. The military
side is when you're very, um, very by the book, you explain
what happened. You don't go past what happened, right? You explain to
the family, um, exactly the situations around. But whatever happened
with that family member, you know, you know, that's kind of by the
books, Um, and then you have to put on your personal side. You know
what? If you knew the person, then you know, as as a friend, as a
fellow worker, that's a fellow human being, you know, this is what I
thought of them. This is what the unit thought of them. Um, take heart
realized that that the person served pretty well in the military.
You know that. That's an honorable thing. Um, and you want the the
family member to feel proud of the person who passed away, So I've
never been on one, but I imagine that that's the way that would probably
go